Move llm-question-answering to generate api (#2062)
openvinotoolkit/openvino_notebooks: notebooks/llm-question-answering/README.md

LLM stands for “Large Language Model”, which refers to a type of artificial intelligence model that is designed to understand and generate human-like text based on the input it receives. LLMs are trained on large datasets of text to learn patterns, grammar, and semantic relationships, allowing them to generate coherent and contextually relevant responses. One core capability of Large Language Models (LLMs) is to follow natural language instructions. Instruction-following models are capable of generating text in response to prompts and are often used for tasks like writing assistance, chatbots, and content generation.

> In this tutorial, we consider how to run an instruction-following text generation pipeline using popular LLMs and OpenVINO. We will use pre-trained models from the [Hugging Face Transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/index) library. The [Hugging Face Optimum Intel](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/intel/index) library converts the models to OpenVINO™ IR format. To simplify the user experience, we will use [OpenVINO Generate API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai) for generation of instruction-following inference pipeline.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we consider how to run an instruction-following text generation pipeline using popular LLMs and OpenVINO. We will use pre-trained models from the [Hugging Face Transformers](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/index) library and convert it to OpenVINO™ IR format using The [Hugging Face Optimum Intel](https://huggingface.co/docs/optimum/intel/index) library. To simplify the user experience, we will use [OpenVINO Generate API](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino.genai) for generation of instruction-following inference pipeline.  
```
